[SMTChecker] Fix CHC analysis of increment/decrement (#10567)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

 * SMTChecker: Support getters.
 * SMTChecker: Support named arguments in function calls.
 * SMTChecker: Support struct constructor.

>  * SMTChecker: Support increment/decrement in the CHC engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * SMTChecker: Create underflow and overflow verification targets for increment/decrement in the CHC engine.
```

Author: Changed.
